for the other Lincoln Hawk to pitch 22
one town with a long shot
let's go so we're all meeting up my
hands away
I don't have a father sure
[Applause]
has always bet against Lincoln hawks
why'd you leave us they've all happen
again
but my grandson found I don't care how
you do it joy but a winner never listens
to the odds whatever happens I want you
to stay with it
[Music]
where do we end up together is all I can
guarantee you ain't got a prayer in
Vegas you never had anything so you have
nothing to lose all I want to do is
hurting crippling get him off the table
all I care about is you you're my boy
you understand there will be it's nobody
a boy now is the time to do for yourself
[Applause]
[Music]
so bestest alone over-the-top
[Applause]
[Music]